The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
If you want to change the world, pick up a pen and write.
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
If you want to make peace with your enemy, you have to work with your enemy. Then he becomes your partner.
I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: “We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal.
We can’t help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game-winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
If you’re going through hell, keep going.
The best revenge is massive success.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle. As with all matters of the heart, you’ll know when you find it.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
The greatest wealth is to live content with little.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.